Provided: 
Dataset showing onset of diabetes in patient. It describes patient medical record data and whether they had an onset of diabetes within five years.

Relevant Information:
      Several constraints were placed on the selection of these instances from
      a larger database.  In particular, all patients here are females at
      least 21 years old.  ADAP is an adaptive learning
      routine that generates and executes digital analogs of perceptron-like
      devices.  It is a unique algorithm; see the paper for details.

Number of Attributes: 8 plus class

For Each Attribute: (all numeric-valued)
   1. Number of times pregnant
   2. Plasma glucose concentration a 2 hours in an oral glucose tolerance test
   3. Diastolic blood pressure (mm Hg)
   4. Triceps skin fold thickness (mm)
   5. 2-Hour serum insulin (mu U/ml)
   6. Body mass index (weight in kg/(height in m)^2)
   7. Diabetes pedigree function
   8. Age (years)
   9. Class variable (0 or 1)

Missing Attribute Values: Yes

Class Distribution: (class value 1 is interpreted as "tested positive for
   diabetes")

Objective and task:
It is a binary classification problem. You have to build and train an Artifical Neural Network model that is able to predict reliably if a person is likely to have diabates or not based on the information available of the patient.

Use the train.csv to train your neural network.
Use your trained model then to predict results using the test.csv

Files to submit
- results.csv (specifications for the same given below)
- script.py (code for the same)
- snapshot.jpg (containing a screenshot of the output for train.csv, i.e, number of epochs, loss etc)

Submission File Format
You should submit a results.csv file with exactly 181 entries. Your submission will show an error if you have extra columns or rows and thus not counted.

The file should have exactly 1 column:
Class variable (contains your binary predictions: 1 for tested positive, 0 for tested negative)

Metric
Your score is the percentage of passengers you correctly predict. This is known simply as "accuracy”.